status_report  for  
2 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
3 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
4 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
5 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
6 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
7 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
8 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
9 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
10 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
11 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
12 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
13 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
14 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
15 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
16 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
17 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
18 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
19 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
20 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
21 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
22 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
23 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
24 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
25 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
26 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
27 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
28 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
29 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
30 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
31 dimension for SR1

status_report  for  
2 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
3 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
4 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
5 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
6 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
7 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
8 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
9 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
10 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
11 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
12 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
13 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
14 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
15 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
16 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
17 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
18 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
19 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
20 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
21 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
22 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
23 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
24 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
25 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
26 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
27 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
28 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
29 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
30 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
31 dimension for DFP

status_report  for  
2 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
3 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
4 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
5 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
6 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
7 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
8 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
9 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
10 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
11 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
12 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
13 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
14 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
15 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
16 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
17 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
18 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
19 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
20 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
21 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
22 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
23 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
24 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
25 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
26 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
27 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
28 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
29 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
30 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
31 dimension for BFGS

status_report  for  
2 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
3 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
4 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
5 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
6 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
7 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
8 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
9 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
10 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
11 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
12 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
13 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
14 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
15 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
16 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
17 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
18 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
19 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
20 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
21 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
22 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
23 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
24 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
25 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
26 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
27 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
28 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
29 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
30 dimension for damped_newton
status_report  for  
31 dimension for damped_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
2 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
3 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
4 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
5 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
6 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
7 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
8 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
9 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
10 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
11 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
12 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
13 dimension for compound_newton
status_report  for  
14 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
15 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
16 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
17 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
18 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
19 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
20 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
21 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
22 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
23 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
24 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
25 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
26 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
27 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
28 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
29 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
30 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
31 dimension for compound_newton is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
2 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
3 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
4 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
5 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
6 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
7 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
8 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
9 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
10 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
11 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
12 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
13 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
14 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
15 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
16 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
17 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
18 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
19 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
20 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
21 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
22 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
23 dimension for LM
status_report  for  
24 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
25 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
26 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
27 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
28 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
29 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
30 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

status_report  for  
31 dimension for LM is too slow for this problem. already used up its time 800

